Alright. So we just wrapped up learning
a ton of new commands that you can use in the debug console,
and honestly it can really be a lot.
There's dozens of commands probably.
I was wondering, when you use it,
is there any command in particular that you found particularly helpful?
That's great. I mean, you just got done saying it right, helpful.
Anytime that I need to discover new functionality on any blockchain platform,
the very first go to command for me is help,
and you can see that right there in the debug console.
Just type in help, and it'll list
all the available functionality in regards to console
you can make for the Bitcoin Core Platform.
It's the same similar thing you can do with other platforms,
like Etherium, hyperledger, stellar, it just goes on.
So help is by far my favorite command to use.
Yeah. No, I definitely used it a time.
There's a couple of other commands I like too.
I find it interesting when certain commands string together.
So it's like, to get block,
you first have to get block hash and then you can sort of trace
back to an original core idea.
I find those helpful, but whenever I get lost in that,
I go straight back to help too.
So yeah, definitely very great command for me.
It reminds me of a time where we were experimenting with some of the commands,
you remember I was going along route like,
I would go ahead and get
a raw transaction right and I would get the information and then I would
perform another command to go ahead and translate that to human readable tags like,
"Hold on, Brandy, you wouldn't believe what I just discovered",
and you showed me how to go ahead and do that all in one command. That was super cool.
I just figured it out by using help.
Perfect. So there we go, favorite command, Help.
Thanks Brandy.
You're welcome.